## Author's Note

***

***Just Real Life*** was spawned from a discussion involving tropes and archetypes in writing. One of the mediums that utilizes tropes most blatantly is television/film and this piece I wanted to touch on as many tropes as possible while playing with the structure as a trope itself. This piece is told in three acts, with each act intended to elevate the situation and take Peter further and further out of his “reality” which we, and he, eventually learn is not actually reality at all, but a television show. In the real world, he must deal with the very things we as audiences complain about not being realistic, such as unrealistically large apartments, a seemingly endless supply of free time, and the drawn out “will-they-won’t-they” love stories. What I hoped to achieve was for the reader to immediately recognize the kind of character each real-world counterpart would play in Peter’s television world with as little information as possible. This is the utility of tropes- immediately creating an understanding of the character in a small amount of screen time, or in this case, page space. Each of the three acts takes on a genre of network television program- the buddy comedy (ex. Friends, Seinfeld, The Big Bang Theory, How I Met Your Mother, etc.), the workplace series (ex. The Office, the Law & Order franchise, Brooklyn 99), and the medical show (ex. Grey’s Anatomy). The premise of the piece is based off of the idea that many of these shows will do a crazy alternate reality episode ending with the character either dreaming or having been in a coma, so I posed the question of what would happen when you already exist in this alternate reality and spend time in reality. The twist of course that it actually was real life and not a dream. In order to hone in on this theme even more, I chose to format the ending as an actual script, albeit a writer-y script, to help signal to the reader when Peter was back in his television show world. 
